Sync with the new typespec (#34409) (#34412)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-js: sdk/ai/ai-projects/CHANGELOG.md

# Release History

## 1.0.0-beta.7 (2025-05-16)

### Breaking changes

- Function `project.evaluations.createRun` is renamed to `project.evaluations.create`
- Function `project.redTeams.createRun` is renamed to `project.redTeams.createRun`
- The `targetConfig` of `RedTeam` is renamed to `target`

### Features Added

- Adds an optional `connectionName` field in `project.datasets.uploadFile` and `project.datasets.uploadFolder`.
- Adds a `fieldMapping` field in `AzureAISearchIndex` and `CosmosDBIndex`.

### Other Changes

- Removes the optional parameters `top`, `skip`, and `maxpagesize` in `project.connections.list`.
- Removes the optional parameters `top`, `skip`, and `maxpagesize` in `project.deployments.list`.

> - Removes the body parameter in `project.datasets.getCredentials`.

Reviewer: These are also breaking changes, I think they should be moved to the breaking changes section.

Author: Fixed

# Release History

## 1.0.0-beta.7 (2025-05-16)

> Major changes happen in this version is some function rename and remove some optional params
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Author: Fixed

> - Major changes happen in this version is some function rename and remove some optional params
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

### Breaking changes

- Function `project.evaluations.createRun` rename to `project.evaluations.create`
- Function `project.redTeams.createRun` rename to `project.redTeams.createRun`

> - The `targetConfig` of `RedTeam` rename to `target`

Author: Fixed

### Features Added

> - Add optional `connectionName` for `project.datasets.uploadFile` and `project.datasets.uploadFolder`
> - Add `fieldMapping` field for `AzureAISearchIndex`, `CosmosDBIndex`
> 
> ### Other Changes
> 
> - remove optional params (top, skip, maxpagesize) for `project.connections.list`
> - remove optional params (top, skip, maxpagesize) for `project.deployments.list`
> - remove body param for `project.datasets.getCredentials`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Adds an optional `connectionName` field in `project.datasets.uploadFile` and `project.datasets.uploadFolder`.
- Adds a `fieldMapping` field in `AzureAISearchIndex` and `CosmosDBIndex`.

### Other Changes

- Removes the optional parameters `top`, `skip`, and `maxpagesize` in `project.connections.list`.
- Removes the optional parameters `top`, `skip`, and `maxpagesize` in `project.deployments.list`.
- Removes the body parameter in `project.datasets.getCredentials`.
```

Author: Fixed
